[Music]
i foreign like i feel like a dream
if you make a wish and you throw it into
that
bowl right there or this one it will
come true
and steph and i both threw one in so
we're not gonna say what we wish for but
we're manifesting it
[Music]
guys there's the trevi fountain right
there and this is the subway
america could never
hello biggest department store in the
world
[Music]
we died last night there's now
4 14 and we are just getting out into
civilization
i mean i got coffee that's true she she
woke up
we woke up at six we were awoken at six
and then i woke up at 9 30 to do a call
until like 11 and do some work which i
was not
coherent for at all
and then went back to bed until like two
so
here we are fun
[Music]
i'm still so foggy guys look we just
passed hermes
oh we're passing a burberry
and pandara
a koak saint laurent
what else can we butcher are we going
the right way yes right now
i don't know i feel like we have to
cross hold on we just missed our stop
feel it what is that i don't know
i'm dumb museum da
directions oh wait yeah we go this way
and that's just right on this road okay
balance poor saga bill and saga porchy
porches
may soon mar mar jellybeans
foreign
[Music]
is it cold or hot
oh wow it's like really fun
i accidentally took the shoes in the
bathroom gotta go return them made it so
cold
three or four times to create like the
butt part
yes you are
[Music]
let's go in the salt room
we just did the roman room and now we're
doing
the wave dream room
how cool
[Music]
the electrons
oh nice
this one's cool
[Music]
hello
i feel like this goes against the whole
relaxation thing
oh it's like dark it is 9 30
we have finished we spent like three
hours here we made
friends we had a scrub i got a massage
it's amazing i mean
sorry um a lot
it hurt a lot she was very violent she
like was basically slapping me and
throwing me around
maybe she was i don't know what i did
but yep that was fun
an experience and now it is 9 30 and we
are going to eat
pretty much our first meal of the day
what pretty much our first meal of the
day
since we had like a pastry for breakfast
and that was it
not four we woke up at two
[Music]
you satisfied was that everything you
dreamed of and more
we fully just ate dinner and we are
getting
ramen to eat we're watching a movie
yes two meals
[Music]
can you be
if you let go i will kill you
[Music]
it's amazing how they're dealing with
this we got our temp checked we got hand
sanitizer and now we're going to be
[Music]
sanitized
we're on the way to ride balloons
five times i'm so excited
it's the perfect day too it's like not
hot at all it doesn't rain
yeah don't curse it it'll be fine
it's not it's not gonna rain it's not
gonna rain
at all stop looking at the sky
here we go
[Music]
ready
um
[Music]
for people like them
is
[Music]
good
but i'm pretending it's not my fault no
no no
[Music]
everyone took the middle one
look at this view
[Music]
oh my gosh oh it's so pretty
i'm determined teresa's
almost there
steph is currently facetiming someone
from this very precarious position
and look look at your
look at the ground not your phone hello
she was spinning around on that ledge
and
facetiming some boy but we we stand go
stuff
you are a walking meme
[Music]